---
layout: post
title: "Tales of the 11th Week Intern"
author: raya-ay
categories: internship
image: assets/images/anthony/11th-week.png
---

This week was spent continuing my exploration of testing code for continuous integration with CodiumAI, PHPStan, and PHPUnit. As well as my thoughts on filling up my first check-in log which details my experience so far in the past 2 months. Lastly, I had to add images for all my past reflections and the one you are currently reading with an image generated by AI.

---

## Monday (2023-10-23)
---

I continued exploring CodiumAI, and there I found that although it is helpful, it does not fully replace human effort. After examining the code and generating test cases, there still have to be some adjustments for the code to work. So it seems that it still needs to take a long way to generate errorless & functioning code every time.

I spent the other of my working day exploring PHPStan and PHPUnit, these are both tools for finding errors in one's code and unit testing the project. Unit testing is a crucial part of software development that helps to ensure the quality and correctness of one's code.

It can also be used to better employ Continuous Integration when it comes to large-scale projects, ensuring that nothing gets broken before a branch merges and automates this process so that there will be less need for human intervention so that the developers won't have to spend their time waiting for the input of another developer who may take their time.

At the end of my work day, I had a one-on-one meeting with my manager in which he detailed to me the contents of a sheet that I had to fill up. It was a sheet regarding my experience so far with the company, what I have done, what has happened, the good, & the bad. 


## Wednesday (2023-10-25)
---

So I began filling up my check-in log and it was nice to take a step back and reflect on what has transpired in my life so far ever since I began my OJT. I am also thankful for the daily stand-up and my daily notes because they help me keep track and as well as help me remember what I have done previously. I would just like to say that if ever there was a chance I could talk to my younger self when I was depressed, I would tell him that everything would be alright and that he would be proud of the progress he would have made in the future (and also tell him to invest in bitcoin and dip out before 2021 ends).

My other task of the day was to include an image for all my previous weekly reflections/logs and the image would have to be artificially generated by any tool available.


## Friday (2023-10-27)
---

It was rather a slow day with not many tasks. We were advised to install Sonarlint, which is a linting tool to detect & fix coding issues locally. I find the tool to be useful because it detects errors before I even run my code which I do find pretty helpful. After all, I did face some issues when I made my project in Python. Other than that, I spent the rest of the day continuously honing my skills in HTML and CSS.

I ended the workday by making my Friday reflection and attempted to use Midjourney by my manager however their free trial was temporarily suspended so I relied on using the tool I used previously and then I found out that there are different models that I can use that will give me my generated image in a different style, so that I can have my images more stylized than realistic.